SQL Functions:
-------------
13.display the employee number, last name salray and salary increased by15.5% for each employee.Label the column New Salary.
 
14.modify the previous query to add a column that subracts the old salary from tth new salary.label the column Increase.
 
15.dispalay the last name(with first letter uppercase and all other letters lowercase) and the length of the las name for all employees whose name starts with the letters J,A or M. give each column an appropriate label sort the results by the employees last names.
 
16.HR department wants to find the length of employment for each employee.For each employee, display the last name and calculate the number of months between today andthe date on which the employee was hired.Label the column MONTHS_WORKED.Order your results by the number of monthes employed.
17.display the following for each employee:
<employee last name> earns <salary> monthly but wants <3 times salary>. Label the column Dream Salaries.
18.display the last name and salary for all employees.Format the salary to be 15 characters long, left-padded with $ symbol.Label the column SALARY.
19. Display each employee's last_name, hire date,and salary review date, which is first Monday after six months of service.Label the column REVIEW. Format the dates toa appear in the format similar to "Monday, the Thirty-First of July, 2000".
20.Display the last name, hire date and day of the week on which the employee started.Label the column DAY. Order the results by the day of the week,starting with Monday.
 
21.Create a query that displays the employees' last names and commission amounts.If an employee does not earn commission, show "No Commission". Label the column COMM.
 
22. Create a query that displays the first eight characters of the employees' last names and indicates the amounts of their salaries with asterisks. Each asterisk signifies a thousan dolloars. Sort the data in descending order of salary. Label the column EMPLOYEES_AND_THEIR_SALARIES.
 
23. Using DECODE function, write a query that displays the grade of all employees based on the value of the column JOB_ID, using the following data:
Job			Grade
---			-----
AD_PRES			A
ST_MAN			B
IT_PROG			C
SA_REP			D
ST_CLERK		E
None of the above	0
 
24.Find highest,lowest,sum, and average salary of all employees for each job type.
 
25.Write a query to display the number of people with the same job.
 
25A.Create a report to dispaly the manager number and the salary of the lowest-paid employee for that manager.Exclude anyone whose manager is not known.Exclude any groups where the minimum salary is $6000 or less. Sort the output in descending order of salary.
 
25B. Create a query to display the total number of employees and of that total, the number of employees hired in 1995,1996,1997,1998.Create appropriate column headings.
-------------